we push it out did you see that our poor
kids we love in this video
for the sir
yeah but it still is
customized you had out of it 25 yeah
you
I hope I was actually called that bit
well boys we've been down to where r rd4
some development testing I think the
solanum kids really quick but the car
the car the girls at it makes me look
fabulous you can tell you there's no
carbon hey then we are good job guys
that is one of my best crashes I have to
say man gratia crowded audio fucking
good crash we go all the pumps yeah look
at the wheel
so tell me what happened I just know we
were cruising around and tried to test
the car and I just pushed the wrong
button I just pushed his brother right
here which is like no control on the
back wheels lucky that is not escape pod
yeah that's a sick body you know I
should cross the marketer not to put his
bat in my next car so I just pushed it
and I had to the coil it'll be too fast
and a press tab the brakes buddy was not
enough to slow it down so I just hit the
guardrail on the side and what is nice
though I thought was good for Aston
Martin is it the air packs never went
out so now we still have a really nice
day because you know it didn't matter
being a couple of weeks against in
driving I should come back from you
again to terminal attack I saw your dad
cleaning it the other day yeah it was
really clean today can polish it I think
yeah i was thinking about tea cup maybe
yes but you got lucky
that tonight's gonna be a good night
that you guys going